---
layout: post
title: Week One!
---

## What did I do this past week?
After coming back to Texas, I slept a lot in preparation for school to start. I wasn't expecting to learn much this week in class, however was very pleasantly surprised by the information I learned on Wednesday in the last ten minutes of the class. It was the classic "Hello World" example in C++, but I learned a lot about the differences between C++ and Java and learned information about Java that I didn't know, such as that import isn't **really** necessary. I was also introduced to all these tools that are used for development that I hadn't heard of before such as TravisCI or Docker for VM.

## What's in my Way?
I don't know C++ at all (except what I learned in class) and feel like this might keep me behind in the class and so I've decided to sprint through a book called "A Tour of C++". I also need to set up all the developer tools such as Docker on my computer as well. I've already started to put off work, which is a bad sign for the semester. I need to motivate myself and find my grind again for school. 

## What will you do next week?
Start and finish the assigned reading for the week. The reading assignments seem different than what most classes would start off with. Usually the readings are over a textbook, however these are advice for college students (which I wish I had read two years ago) and a guide to git. Pay attention in class and digest all the information, which shouldn't be a problem. I enjoy the fast paced lecture by Downing, along with his cursing every now and then. Downing seems enthusiastic and really wants his students to succeed both in the classroom as well as in the job market. Prepare and start the first assignment, as long as it isn't PintOS (yay! I'm done), I'm not too worried. 

## Personal Class Experience
The first class day is usually a dull day for class, professors go over their syllabus and then usually dismiss you a bit early, oh and you get to see who your classmates are. Downing did the same thing, however near the end of class he started teaching! The last ten minutes of class was jam packed with interesting information that I never knew. Friday was the first quiz day, I was a bit nervous at the start. The first five minutes during the quiz seemed to tick by very quickly, and then by the time I knew it class had ended! The class seems to be filled with information and ends very quickly, which is great. There's a lot of information thrown at you, but nothing that is too hard to digest. 

## Quick Tip
Last semester I started typing up my notes in Markdown and then compiling them into LaTeX files, which were then converted into pdfs for nice reading and easy storage. To do this I used Pandoc and Sublime Text. With a simple three key command I can convert any Markdown file into a pdf. To set it up I used this guide [here](http://kesdev.com/you-got-latex-in-my-markdown/). 
