---
layout: post
title: Week Ten!
---

## What did I do this past week?
Paid attention in class. On Tuesday I had a TripAdvisor interview and on Wednesday I had my Google interview. Found a partner for the next assignment but haven't started on it yet. This weekend was Halloween which was a lot of fun and I got zero work done over the weekend oops.

## What's in my Way?
This week I have no interviews scheduled! The project is due on Thursday. I have an algorithms exam on Wednesday. I need to decide if I'll stay in this class or not by Tuesday. So that project may or may not ever be an issue. So studying for algorithms and maybe this project.

## What will you do next week? 
Study for algorithms. Decide if I want to Q-Drop or not. If I q-drop I guess just the algorithms exam. Otherwise I'm gonna try finishing the Darwin programming assignment in a day. Not sure if that is possible but I sure hope it is.

## Personal Class Experience
No class on Friday so we just had the UTCS 50th which was pretty awesome. Went to some interesting talks. Wednesday was a tech talk by Pariveda which gave information on the company and the development process. Really enjoyed learning more about consulting and what consultants normally do and how working at a consulting company goes.

## Quick Tip
This tip might be a bit late, but if you still have registration I used a website called Coursicle to replace myedu, which was bought out by blackboard, and now we can't use it. Link [here](https://www.coursicle.com/)
