---
layout: post
title: Week Twelve!
---

## What did I do this past week?
This week I told myself that I'd be be productive and I'd get a lot of work done. But that didn't really happen. I started on Life early which is good. I didn't start on my information retrieval project yet, and that's due next Tuesday. On Wednesday morning I had two interviews and then went to class. On Wednesday night I flew to Dallas and had onsite interviews at HBK all day on Thursday. The interview lasted from 9-5, one hour interviews back to back. It was a bit intense! But I survived. I came back Thursday night. Friday I went to class. Worked on Life a bit more and relaxed. Next week I have my info retrieval project due on Tuesday, algorithms due on Wednesday and Life due on Thursday. Today (Saturday) I'm flying out to Boston for an interview I have on Monday. Apparently they couldn't get a trip together for Sunday. That's OK though because it means I can hang out with all my Boston friends.

## What's in my Way?
This week I have more interviews. I'll be coming home late on Monday night, and since IR is due on Tuesday that'll be a bit much (because I procrastinated). I've got more interviews throughout the week and a lot of homework due, and because I'll be in Boston and traveling all weekend it'll be a bit hard to be able to get work done. Mainly I just have a lot of work and little time. 

## What will you do next week? 
Get my projects and homework done. Do interviews. Go to class. Try to pay attention. Survive this upcoming week. 

## Personal Class Experience
We're moving on to inheritance this week. Learning about the differences between C++ and Java is great. Also learning that Professor Downing definitely likes C++ more than Java. As he said in class "If you think Java is a good language you have a bad taste in languages". Pretty funny and entertaining as usual. 

## Quick Tip
Did you know you can sync all of your facebook events with your google calendar? Go to your Facebook homepage, click events -> should find somewhere where it says "You can add your events to Microsoft Outlook, Google Calendar or Apple Calendar. Once you add them, they'll stay updated". Now right click on upcoming events -> copy link address. Now go to your google calendar, hit "add by url" and copy paste it in.

Waw.