---
layout: post
title: Week Six!
---

## What did I do this past week?
Caught up on the readings for the class. Learned more about iterators and how they work and all the intricacies in C++ dealing with them. Finally memorized the five iterators. Didn't have to do a project, which was really nice due to other midterms and interviews that I had the past week, and the upcoming weeks.

## What's in my Way?
ACL basically took out any studying or work I was going to get done over the weekend, was it worth it? Yes. I have an info retrieval project due Thursday, and we have an exam in OOP on Thursday. I've got interviews and may be flying out next Friday, so I'm still heavy in recruiting season, it's slowly tapering off though.

## What will you do next week? 
Study study study. Pay attention in class. Study some more. Crank out info retrieval. Study some more. Remember ACL. Study. Gym. Study. Maybe sleep.

## Personal Class Experience
The last quiz of this week was pretty hard, and the professor noticed and decided to give points back. Of course just because a quiz is difficult, doesn't excuse me from not knowing the material. I didn't do the readings, and so I missed some easy points on quizzes.

Class is fun as usual and goes by quickly. Learning a lot about C++ every class and didn't know iterators could be so complex. Started to get bogged down in class on Friday, mainly because on Wednesday I didn't really pay attention because I was too focused on the algorithms exam I had right after. 

## Quick Tip
What's the best type of music to study to?
Video game music! The music in video games is designed to keep you up and focused, without being overbearing.
Some of my favorite play lists would be the "Video Game Study Music" series on [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Up28CdCk34U)
