---
layout: post
title: Final Week!
---

Taking this course with Downing was definitely an experience that I will not forget. Downing as a lecturer is amazing. His lectures are interesting and definitely kept my attention. He's funny too. The way he communicates information is clear and effective. I like the fact that he asks students to answer questions and engages his students. The class seems to go by fast, which is something you should want out of the classes you take. The day routine is usually walk in, take a quiz, and dive into some material. The quizzes were my least favorite part of the course. Sometimes the questions are tricky and have minor changes. You can't go back and answer an older question either, once you click next you can't go back. You also have three minutes so you have to think pretty quickly and manage your time. The ability to go back would be something I'd request from professor Downing. The class is a mixture of basically learning all the fine details about C++ and OOP. 

The reading material is very interesting and is quite useful. The class isn't focused on the textbook, but by reading the chapters you do learn more Object Oriented Programming. He also asks you to read articles which are either object oriented programming or just about computer science in general or getting tips about interviews and getting a job. 

The projects are structured in such a way that you'll have to utilize multiple tools as you're working on your project. These projects, and the tools, are designed to mimic development in the real world. The last two projects are very object oriented programming related and I enjoyed working on them. The first project is mainly so that you can set up the tools and understand how to use them. Writing unit tests for your projects is a god send, and you should write them as you go along writing your methods. I enjoyed using these tools in development and definitely learned a lot from these projects. 

There were two exams for this class. The exams are taken on-line on Canvas. I don't really like Canvas because it's hard to type all your code in the text boxes, you can't tab because it'll tab to the next question. The first exam was much more C++ and what you learned in class than OOP. The second exam was much more OOP and was still over C++ and things you learned in class. For both exams I think time is an issue and if you're not pacing yourself or you get stuck on a question you'll run out of time. 

