---
layout: post
title: Week Nine!
---

## What did I do this past week?
Paid attention in class. Finished the Allocator assignment on Wednesday night and turned it in on Thursday. After that I hopped on a flight to St. Louis with a three hour layover in Houston (sadly). I didn't realize the time from Austin to Houston by plane is only 21 minutes. The hostess gave us our drinks and two minutes later came to collect them. On Friday I had an onsite at Riot Games. On Saturday morning I flew back and went from the airport straight to the Omni hotel for HackTX. Seeing a hackathon from the other side as an organizer was really interesting and made me appreciate all the hard work that all hackathon organizers do. Seeing the hackathon come together was a very rewarding, and fun, treat.

## What's in my Way?
This week I have more interviews. Luckily I have no projects or exams due this week so I can focus on the interviews, as well as get a head start. Since I missed class on Friday I feel as though I'm a bit behind and hoping the quiz on Monday won't be too bad, and I'll be able to learn what happened based on Downings notes that he posted. I'm also incredibly tired from lack of sleep over the past couple days, so we'll see.

## What will you do next week? 
Study study study. Do interviews. Pay attention in class. Start going to the gym again, I'm finally not sick anymore. I can feel the muscle degradation. 

## Personal Class Experience
Went to class for two of the three days. Class was enjoyable as usual, kind of sad I missed Friday's lectures because Downing's lectures are my favorite. Fell asleep for a little bit on Wednesday during class, was just too tired.

## Quick Tip
Wunderlist is a program that I use to make sure I keep all my tasks ordered and make sure I do those tasks. I have school work to just miscellaneous tasks, even books or shows to read and watch. Helps keep me productive and can help with school since it sends you a reminder to let you know when things are due. Also it's satisfying to click something and see it disappear. You can download it [here](http://wunderlist.com/).
